Terminologies used:
lowest depth - 1
highest depth - 5
BFS - Breadth first search
DFS - Depth-first search

Breadth first search crawler crawls shallower URLs first. Hence the links which appear at the lower depths are given importance.
Depth first search crawler crawls deeper URL first. Hence importance is given to the URL appearing at the higher depths.

Comparing based on number of URL's retrieved
--------------------------------------------
Breadth first search returned 1000 URL. Since all the unique links are crawled at the lower depth, 
encountering the same link at higher and ignoring it doesn't result in loss of links when depth limit imposed.   

Depth first search returned 636 URL. Discards the link and its children links at lower depth,  
if the link has been found at higher depth earlier, hence a low number of pages and loss of data when depth limit imposed.

As the quality of pages is high at the shallower depth. The BFS crawler returned a large number of quality pages than DFS.

Comparing top 5 URL 
-------------------
Following comparison is done assuming the topic is on solar energy  as seed URL is about types of sustainable energy. 
Among top 5, top 3 are same URL and topical related

As the depth increased in DFS the content of page diverges from topic solar energy.
The 4th page returned by DFS was https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_Energy_(journal) which talks about solar energy journal 
and does contain information related to solar energy.Where as the 4th page of BFS crawler was 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_heating which talks about solar energy harnessing which is more relevant.

The 5th page of DFS is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_heating  is same as the 4th page of BFS. But BFS found this 
relevant link much earlier than DFS.
The 5th page of BFS is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_photovoltaics which is about equipment to harness solar energy
which again has relevant content.

Ignoring seed URL.
1 out of top 4 pages diverges from topic for DFS.
ALL pages have topic relevent content for BFS.

conclusion:
Though 1 irrelavant topic is okay, as we start comparing more pages, this number increases at much faster rate for DFS than BFS.







